blsky contains modules to investigate technosignature observing.  This primarily relates to rfi and drift of narrow-band signals.

satpos  implements the sgp4 orbital tracking code (http://www.celestrak.com/NORAD/elements/) and some other code to prep the data.

The TLE files are maintained in the /tle subdirectory and may be updated using the script 'updatetle.py' while in that directory.  There is a branch of this repo called tle_archive, so please update in that branch as well as the main branch.  Use a commit message of the form `TLE update 2021-12-15 11:50:10`.  The tle_archive branch gets updated weekly on Sunday night.  DO NOT MERGE THE tle_archive BRANCH WITH MAIN!  (I intend to write up modules to pull archived tles out.)

--satpos--
Given TLE (from a file, location set in satpos_cfg.yaml) it writes a file:
    'sp_{tlefilename}{entry_number_in_file:04d}.out' which contains a track over the period specified in satpos_cfg.yaml (which must be in that directory)
e.g. satpos active 123


--sattrack--
from satpos import sattrack
reads in the .out files from above and computes various parameters.

--satcensus--
from satpos import satcensus
random modules using sattrack (or not) to look at satellite data.

Install
=======
1 - `pip install .`
2 - `install_satpos_exe.py`

Before you run
==============
1 - make sure TLE file(s) in tle_archive are what you want (may need `updatetle.py` or above GIT)
2 - make sure the location information is there (in satpos.obs, but update in satpos_obs.yaml, then run
`satpos_make_obs.py`)

How-to
======
1 - Edit satpos_cfg.yaml for run parameters
2 - `satpos_script.py <tlefilename>` to generate a shell script for satpos (default is 'active')
    writes:  satpos_<tlefilename>.sh:  script for satpos
3 - `satpos_<tlefilename>.sh`
4 - `viewable.py` will write viewable.csv and notviewable.csv
5 - To count up a few things in the viewable/notviewable csv files
  from blsky import satcensus
  view, notview = satcensus.showdist()
  plot(view.period, '.')  # e.g.
6 - To look at an ephemeris file generated by satpos e.g. sp_active4542.out
  from blsky import sattrack
  sp = sattrack.Track('sp_active4542.out')
  sp.view()
  plot(sp.D)  # e.g.
